[Australia] - Create cancellation post (#2426)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/australia/2025/news/cancel-announcement.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: August 29, 2025
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, announcement, conference

Cancelling WTD Australia 2025 conference
=========================================

> G'day folks. We're writing to let you know that we have decided to cancel our WTD Australia conference for 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
G'day folks. We're writing to let you know that we have decided to cancel our Write the Docs Australia conference for 2025.
```

I think for a formal announcement, it's good to either use the whole name or just omit it `our 2025 Australia conference`

Cancelling the conference wasn't our first choice, and we engaged the community seeking ideas on whether we should pivot to a smaller or a more focussed event, but taking a break emerged as the clear path forward.
This has not been an easy decision, and we recognise that some people may be disappointed, but with the stress of the current job market and uncertainties emerging from a rapidly changing work environment, this is a good time to take a break.

Some conference housekeeping
-----------------------------

* If you already registered a ticket for the conference, we will refund these promptly and in full, without any cancellation fees.
* For those who submitted a talk proposal, we thank you greatly and invite you to resubmit your talks for our conferences (Portland, Berlin, Australia) next year.

> * We will be closing the CFP process before the weekend, cancel future ticket sales, and publish this announcement on the conference website, along with the relevant Write the Docs Slack channels and other social media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We will close the CFP process, cancel future ticket sales, and publish this announcement on the conference website, along with the relevant Write the Docs Slack channels and other social media.
```

What about the meetups and what about next year?
-------------------------------------------------

We have a meetup currently planned for 24th Sept in Melbourne, but given the low numbers of RSVPs, this will not go ahead as planned. We will also pause planning any other meetup events until early next year.

> The Australia Write the Docs team is relatively small. We would love to see some more participation from the wider community across our time zones, in terms of ideas, involvement in local events, ways to reboot the conference in alignment with expectations, and fresh enthusiasm! ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Australia Write the Docs team is relatively small. We would love to see some more participation from the wider community across our time zones, in terms of ideas, involvement in local events, ways to reboot the conference in alignment with expectations, and fresh enthusiasm!

```

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: August 29, 2025
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, announcement, conference

Cancelling WTD Australia 2025 conference
=========================================

G'day folks. We're writing to let you know that we have decided to cancel our WTD Australia conference for 2025.

> Cancelling the conference wasn't our first choice, and we tried engaging the community to provide us ideas on how we could pivot to a smaller or a focussed event that still catered to our community, but we did not receive enough data for this to take any considerable shape.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cancelling the conference wasn't our first choice, and we engaged the community seeking ideas on whether we should pivot to a smaller or a more focussed event, but taking a break emerged as the clear path forward.
```

> This has not been an easy decision, and we recognise that some people may be disappointed with the decision, but this is a good time as any to take a break from the stress of the current job market, and uncertainties emerging from a rapidly changing work environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This has not been an easy decision, and we recognise that some people may be disappointed, but with the stress of the current job market and uncertainties emerging from a rapidly changing work environment, this is a good time to take a break.
```

> While the community engagement and support have been fantastic across our remote meetup events and conferences, we have all felt stressed and burnt-out at various times during the last couple of years.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

I think we don't need this.

Some conference housekeeping
-----------------------------

* If you already registered a ticket for the conference, we will refund these promptly and in full, without any cancellation fees.
* For those who submitted a talk proposal, we thank you greatly and invite you to resubmit your talks for our conferences (Portland, Berlin, Australia) next year.
* We will be closing the CFP process before the weekend, cancel future ticket sales, and publish this announcement on the conference website, along with the relevant Write the Docs Slack channels and other social media.

What about the meetups and what about next year?
-------------------------------------------------

> We have a meetup currently planned for 24th Sept in Melbourne, but given the low numbers of RSVPs, this will not go ahead as planned. We will also pause planning any other meetup events until early next year, which will hopefully give the team some time to retrospect and plan better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have a meetup currently planned for 24th Sept in Melbourne, but given the low numbers of RSVPs, this will not go ahead as planned. We will also pause planning any other meetup events until early next year.
```
It makes us sound like we're not good at planning

> In terms of the annual conference next year, we would love to see some more participation from the wider community across our timezones, in terms of ideas, involvement in local events, and ways to reboot the conference in alignment with expectations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Australia Write the Docs team is relatively small. We would love to see some more participation from the wider community across our time zones, in terms of ideas, involvement in local events, ways to reboot the conference in alignment with expectations, and fresh enthusiasm! ```
